# Meeting Minutes - Margo PM Group Weekly Working Session
18-December-2025

## Agenda/Priorities
- Review of PR1 initial communication and feedback
- Discussion on next steps with plugfest preparations
- Coordination of SB follow up activity on device management
- System design content updates

## Review of PR1 initial communication and feedback
Pragya highlighted an example from Discourse and LinkedIn of initial constructive feedback.
https://www.linkedin.com/posts/demeyerdavy_margo-just-released-pr1-preview-release-ugcPost-7406769239791058945-loyo?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop&rcm=ACoAAAEEsMwB0bEEhHMuBSFA41AbpGiiKNiHC38

Follow up action - Need to identify how we will track feedback received outside of Discourse. Should we setup a Github issues board for any items requiring follow up? PM group discussed and agreed to redirect feedback communication to Discourse. We will not actively monitor social media, but as key topics come up they may be redirected to Discourse for follow up. If a feedback topic escalates to a point where action is needed, then PM group will take into our requirements planning process.

Fabian (from Margo sounding board) has reached out on including the PR1 announcement to a group of peers.

Press release intended for Jan 13. Following the announcement, hope to see a build up a subsequent articles and communications from the community.

Continuation of video series supporting the desire to continue momentum.

## Discussion on next steps with plugfest preparations
Readout on plugfest coordination to be added to agenda in early January (send request to Christian P). Josh to send request. Goal to share progress made and any actions where further volunteers are needed (PM group can help escalate this).

## Coordination of SB follow up activity on device management
Both Pragya and Phillipe proposed an virtual update with SB members on PR1. Two ideas: Q1 update to SB at a higher lever on PR1, coordinate personal technical sessions with SB technical teams. Planning to be conducted in Jan 8 PM group session (Josh to include in the agenda).

Proposal to plan for the session at the end of January ideally. Objective is to bring input on device management as early as possible to provide an opportunity to act on the information.

- Refine the device management document to help drive deeper conversations. Homework - Review the device management document (working document) and prepare inputs for the SB working session

- Prepare homework for the attendees to complete prior. Help them join in the proper mindset and to prepare inputs even before the session.

- Consider Richard's (from Margo sounding board) input shared following the sounding board on split between app orchestration and device management. Josh and Bart to coordinate a follow up discussion with Richard.

## System design content updates
The content created by MWG needs to be aligned with TWG content that is published to the docs website. During the discussion, the team shared concerns over the level of details missing in the "simplified" system design diagram. Was at the same time too detailed for a non-technical person and not detailed enough for a technical person. Would create more questions and confusion.

The discussion shifted to a simple scenario-based view that Bart shared from a prototype effort that several Margo members have been coordinating. This simple scenario/workflow view shows how the various Margo interfaces are leveraged to achieve interoperability. The group agreed to base the simplified view for non-technical individuals on the scenario-based diagram shared by Bart to highlight the multivendor interoperability story. Bart took an action to draft a version of this diagram with generic Margo language used.