# Meeting Minutes - Margo PM Group Weekly Working Session
16-October-2025

## Agenda/Priorities
- Summary of last meeting
- PR1 description progress
- Review of sounding board documentation outputs
    - Follow up activity for device management
- Organization of product management repo for public access (time permitting)
- Device management approach and review of vision plus existing requirements (time permitting)


## PR1 documentation refinement
- Additional working session to be scheduled - Tuesday Bart, Josh, Armand, Christian?, Phillipe?, and Matthias? (?=optional)
- Need to also cover narrative content (separate document). Can start on this or focus on the incomplete sections of the PR1 description document
- Armand shared tentative PR1 timeline and corresponding technical activities within TWG and did not identify any critical blockers/risks


## Sounding board outcome documentation
- Review the session summaries before next Thursday. Josh to send out the request today with reference to the document. Everyone prepare listing 5-10 key takeways or actions.
- Possible working session on Wednesday 15 or Thursday 16 to be determined


## Organization of product management repo for public access (time permitting)
- Confirmed that the required action is to verify the current setup is sufficient to enable public access without permitting unauthorized changes to be submitted.