# Meeting Minutes - Margo PM Group Weekly Working Session
30-October-2025

## Agenda/Priorities
- Review of sounding board documentation outputs
- Readout of charter for the PM group (added to repo)
- PM inputs to plugfest planning
- PM task tracking including PR1 actions and post-PR1 actions
- Device management approach and review of vision plus existing requirements (time permitting)
    - Discuss next steps after PR1
    - Armand has a working document to share with some initial thoughts
- Discuss inputs to personas, lexicon, and system design overview video (Armand, ~10mins)

# Minutes
## Review of sounding board documentation outputs
 - Follow up activity - Preparation for device management
    - Specific topic was definition of and prioritization of device management functions (update firmware, onboard device, etc.)
    - Timeline
        - Oct 31 - Presentation content complete
        - Nov 7 - Refinement to content before presenting to SB
        - Nov 7 - Send invites (about two weeks' notice)
        - Nov 21 (week of) - Follow up and readout with SB participants
        - To be defined
            - Presenters (2x) - Run the presentation, 1 to organize
            - Content preparation volunteers (2x) - Review and contribute to content
            - Clark available to participate, Josh can support
            - Send request for volunteers (Josh to sync with Bart)

## PM group charter
 [PM Charter (Draft)](https://github.com/margo/product_management/pull/77)
- Adjust language around setting of technical direction in the mission statement and core responsibilities
- Representation of "readout to SC" should be shown as an output
- Should mention prioritization in conjunction with roadmap planning
- Add Clark Case as co-lead
- Define the meaning of active participation in the project or reference where this is defined
- Adjust language around marketing enablement (product messaging and positioning done by MWG, supported by PM group)
- Josh to add the above updates and call for approval before next week's call

## PM inputs to plugfest planning
- the March 2026 plugfest is not expected to deliver a formal "plugfest" experience like known in industrial automation.
- the plugfest is not expected to perform conformance testing, with imposed structered test plans.
- primarly focus on Margo members (steering, general and contributor). expectation to have very strong representation of steering members
- participants bring prototypes to verify API interactions, file formats....
- take go-nogo decision based on outcome of the Margo member survey sensing for intent of joining the first plugfest

## PM task tracking including PR1 actions and post-PR1 actions
[PR1 actions](https://lfmargo.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/SteeringCommittee/Shared%20Documents/Product%20Management/Documents/Sounding%20Board%20Workshop%20-%20Feedback%20Questions.xlsx?d=wafe543fffcac436da28f232bc5eff9f6&csf=1&web=1&e=GrUP8c)
Volunteers for various PR1 actions identified. Definition of deadlines differred to next week.
Highlights:
- [Discourse](https://www.discourse.org/) identified as solid candidate for feedback channel. Request to Anwar to build a mock-up. Lechner volunteered to review.
- need support from McIlRoy for consolidating feedback playbook and preparing GitHub repositories ahead of release

note: post PR1 actions have not been addressed. deferred to next PM call.

## Device management approach and review of vision plus existing requirements

## Discuss inputs to personas, lexicon, and system design overview video
- deferred to collecting asynchronous feedback from PM team on Armand's proposal. 

