# Meeting Minutes - Margo PM Group Weekly Working Session
8-January-2026

## Agenda/Priorities
- Schedule adjustment over the next several months
- Recap from last meeting
- Review of PR1 pending activities
- Discussion on next steps with plugfest preparations and F2F SC meeting
- Discussion on the feedback/proposal covering identity and access management
- Continuation of device management work session planning

# Schedule adjustment over the next several months
Reduce PM call to 1 hour and coordinate extended time as needed. Will modify schedule until plugfest and then re-evaluate. New TWG meetings focusing on GA1 scope and conformance suite held alternating weeks.

# Recap from last meeting
Bart presented an update on the simplified marketing view of the Margo story. Bart to refine based on initial feedback and PM group to review/verify before press release. This content will go on the Margo website soon after the press release.

# Review of PR1 pending activities
Jennifer or Nora will coordinate support needed relating to press release questions/feedback (planned on Jan 13). Also looking into a marketing/architecture video (TBD). Scripting support may be needed (Pragya to bring updates). Few pending items with the technical website (redirect from specification.margo.org to docs.margo.org and a few outstanding issues).

# Discussion on next steps with plugfest preparations and F2F SC meeting
Two developers (not Nilanjan) will participate in the plugfest to ensure the sandbox is operational and supported. Christian is back next week, so can clarify progress and need for volunteers.

Discussed conformance planning with Armand. Armand will share a document that he is preparing with the TWG to plan out the technical direction. PM group action taken to identify/catalog any prior reference material on conformance.

Bart asked that by the plugfest, we have an initial proposal for what we want the conformance test suite to be. Create a concept that focuses on a subset of the PR1 specification. He proposed to fast track an initial iteration of the conformance suite.

# Discussion on the feedback/proposal covering identity and access management
Matthias shared an overview of his written feedback (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DGvXXlSty79v_PFTRvt8Bw2pspfqP13b3PBaSIaL0IQ/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.gfyd5bb3yesd). 

Josh to share some initial feedback and questions on PM follow up actions.

# Continuation of device management work session planning
Bart/Josh to meet with Richard and discuss his device management feedback from the last sounding board event.