# Meeting Minutes - Margo PM Group Weekly Working Session
15-January-2026

## Agenda/Priorities
- Plugfest coordination and conformance suite planning
- Device management work session planning (sounding board)
- Market support activities
- Steerco F2F preparations and review of initial agenda
- Margo roadmap for 2026

# Plugfest coordination and conformance suite planning
Updates and volunteers needed

# Device management work session planning (sounding board)
Propose a dedicated (short) call to define a draft agenda and format. Identify small group to meet in the next week.

# Market support activities
Ask for updates/inputs from Pragya

# Steerco F2F preparations and review of initial agenda
Share progress from Bart/Josh

# Margo roadmap for 2026
Consider realistic expectations around having a GA1 in September. Assessment of capacity and essential scope is needed. Propose to finalize in time to have the Steerco confirm the plan at March F2F. PM group to propose options and evaluate them in January to form a proposal in February.

Include continued discussion on the feedback/proposal covering identity and access management.
Reference - Matthias' feedback (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DGvXXlSty79v_PFTRvt8Bw2pspfqP13b3PBaSIaL0IQ/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.gfyd5bb3yesd).

